I vouch for the honor of the Qiao family
After this is done, there is only one president of the Joe Group
That is Qinghe
But I also hope you can live up to your words.
OK
Let's go Qinghe
Go get ready
Dawan Square is yours
This Transcendent spoke in an arrogant tone
Wanda Plaza, what did he use to rob Master Xu?
Heaven for Men
Your Lieutenant Governor Lee
In charge of the Dawan Plaza project
Is there such a thing?
Back to the master
Dawan Square is the largest commercial property in Jiangdong
Scale tens of billions
The commercial value is immeasurable
Now it is run by Lieutenant Governor Li Gang alone
Bidding after three days
I'll take the answer square.
The Bridge Group in my wife's hands fits perfectly
Resign but what?
Is there a problem?
Ah, no problem.
My subordinates will notify Li Gang now.
If Lin Fan and the eldest sister are really in power
Then I'm going to suffer for the rest of my days
No, I have to act quickly